how folkloric
today I spoke with Alba Carrillo
but I can put the title we spoke with
Alba Carrillo or I was worth it you know Boom
we spoke with Alba Carrillo
pum yesterday they showed Titanic No well I'm the
same yesterday they showed Titanic How beautiful if you
don't see how I cried you know what anyway
what a beautiful movie
being in this house I think it was I was
bringing it one night
but recently with what happened that
misfortune may she rest in peace the
people who died recently with the
submarine I felt like
seeing it because also in Seville they have
put like a
sunken ship not like a
Titanic exhibition which I don't know if there will be replicas
of the Titanic in Seville Wait what do I have to
do and I've been after it for a while Hey
listen to me I'm going to go I'm going to go I'm going to go
and I'm not going to
by the way you have to see we don't
know about
this exhibition do you want to come yes but
not with you or rather well I
love you very much I experience bullying on the
internet literally tell me what
Alba Carrillo told you And why can we
put Instagram stories first
to put it in context yes
yes after a surprise for me because I
had no idea about this but
basically Alba Carrillo
a book you are happy you have not
seen write it and What a lot of months
Thank you very much it
is lucky to have you
in the future as written
Oh how beautiful there are
many things there
[Music]
you say or rather it remains super secret
I knew it since when since recently
What are you saying
what do you think
Hello
And what are you saying about this well it
will be stronger when you read it
totally
ready for life
Lisa for life let's see I already spoke
with Alba about certain things Well because I have a
good relationship with her there are
some things that we cannot tell and
people will understand and you know Now what I
mean and I hope she understands it for
good
cri cri cri
and she I am talking to the girl
well who is carrying her Because with the issue of
communication also because yes it is
true that this book although it can already be
preserved that be careful because the book
tells me it is coming strong people
wonder and what is she going to talk about and what is she going to tell let's
see Alba there where you see her the
same way she expresses herself because she weighs herself very
well she is very  intelligent
writes very well
I know free Of course I'm going to
ask her I know it's embargoed until
October when it comes out during the
summer things will be calm But she
wanted to bring it out into the light a bit
so that people have Of course
Alba is here for a while no So from
September onwards we can do the
interviews for the book but
in that book she's going to talk a little let's
see how we can explain it
about her, about all these years, about her
experiences, what she's been through on a
sentimental level, about her work level, about the
dreams she has about her future, about her
family a little bit of everything if
in the end she's saved and Alba for better or
worse has no filters
and I sincerely am desired just like
there are others that I've said I'm always looking forward to
reading them and I haven't read them I'm
going to read this in fact Jorge
Javier when his book that I
obviously read certain things for the
interview but the whole thing doesn't tell me it
caught me more than one he says it's obvious that
you haven't read it because for this, for this,
for this and no I hadn't read it but
this author
but I am going to read this one This
one  I'm going to read and it's like very excited
during these months it has been when I
was writing it that she has been like
more free because she has already told me that she has been Well
that with studying
also with the subject of criminology with
the subject of the brands and such she has had a
bad time she has already told it the
last months and they are fire so
there are more things that we cannot tell that
we will see what happens we
leave it in the air
and that the book is coming strong and let's
see if when I release the book We can
have it here in which she tells us but it
comes strong I mean she talks about her life they are
reflections she
talks about everything but yes Alba talks
about everything with a certain care that is
kamikaze but when it comes to writing you have to
be certain careful not to have
cause problems she is not going to pick up in the
book and she is literally going to put the
son of the rose and quartz in a book
like that you know like Talk to him she will talk about the son
of Ana Rosa No no specifically that's why I
tell you that more like her her
heartfelt way of giving it shape is not
more rhetorical more I don't know how to explain it
myself  I think it goes more that way but they say
around here about his exes, definitely man, well yes, of course he
's very intelligent, I'm really telling you, I've
always said it and I've always
thought it, you may like it more, you
may like it less, but very soon I'm going to
Portugal again, I'm
staying for a long time, again in Portugal. No, I've already
told you that the water is very beautiful
but the water is frozen. You
go in, do what you want for the
circulation, divine. Very soon I'm
going, there are some beaches, my goodness,
incredibly beautiful and incredible.